DOC-1186 Redpanda Connect for BYOVPC on AWS (#274)
redpanda-data/cloud-docs: modules/develop/partials/availability-message.adoc

====

* Redpanda Connect is available in limited availability (LA) for BYOC and Dedicated clusters. Features in LA are production-ready and are covered by Redpanda Support for early adopters. To unlock Redpanda Connect for your account, contact https://support.redpanda.com/hc/en-us/requests/new[Redpanda Support^].  

> * Redpanda Connect is in beta for BYOVPC clusters on AWS and GCP but not on Azure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Redpanda Connect is in beta for BYOVPC clusters on AWS and GCP. It is not yet available for BYOVPC clusters on Azure.
```
